salutations my followers it is Mandy
here today bring you the next big
fallout debate you guys have been giving
such passionate feedback in my most
recent video fall force potential
locations where we visited Boston
together and explore the city so what
does the fall community sing well that's
what I'm gonna be highlighting in this
video we're gonna be discussing that
usually like to space out my debates a
little bit but this time things were
getting so heated I just had to bring it
to you guys as soon as I could so let's
go ahead and do this so Jake Mack
sounded off in the comments with easily
the most positive comment and you know
saying that by positive I mean most
thumbs up he says he'd to be a negative
Nancy but as you look around Boston I
noticed how similar it would be to the
ruins of DC I feel like Boston would be
too similar to DC in the game a metro
city landscape a coast etc all too
similar to fall 3 I figured that if blah
says des does do it in fallout or in
Boston it would feel like a remaster
fallout 3 in terms of area fantastic
comment Jake I am one who's very for
Boston personally in this debate but
when you say that you make a fantastic
point there's almost nothing I can say
to counteract that I mean you know the
landmarks are different there's
different things about it but you you
make a great point that it's the same
layout basically of the metro city
landscape coasts etc that's very very
good that you said that Jake because I
think this will open the eyes to a lot
of fans out there and maybe Boston isn't
what we dreamed of maybe we were just
being held down by the nostalgia it's
very possible that's a key but then this
is Alan sounds off afterwards in the
comments and says the MIT Institute and
Fenway Park are really only two things
I'd be excited about so he's not even
that hyped on this location now and my
team would be really cool especially
because they'll fall or involved with it
where I believe their manufacturing
androids there but what's interesting is
I don't even think we'd be able to go to
Fenway Park and fall for and if you
don't know what Fenway Park is it's
basically the the baseball field or
stadium whatever you want to call it for
the Boston Red Sox and so I don't think
we'd be able to go there because I look
at like out of all games watch dogs and
in watch dogs you're in a baseball
stadium in Chicago but they don't give
it a name they're not allowed to give it
a name or named it after the team
because like copyright issues so I
wonder if they can even do that in fall
for like model it out of Fenway so
really this is alan is saying that
technically he's only excited for one
and we wouldn't even be able to visit
one of the areas he's actually excited
for so is this the location we all
really were hoping for
let's see because Barack Obama sounds
off in the comments and says I hope they
set the new-fallen in New York and a few
people thumbs that one up and I agree
man unfortunately according to the fault
wiki and some of the war in the game
I've heard is that for uh New York is
essentially just a big pothole you know
it just got hit directly with a new and
it's all done now with that said though
is it very well possible that over time
New York has rebuilt itself into
something I would argue that that is
entirely possible and I'd love to see
that that's why in the future I'm sure
one of the episodes of thought for its
potential locations will without a doubt
be New York because that's a very well
possible setting for Fallout 4 it's just
we may not see it just because of the
fallout lore but like I said over time
things are rebuilt it's very well
possible that Bethesda could say well
you have you know civilization progress
the little bit people moved into New
York and made something out of this area
who knows but then P wash or P slosh
actually went ahead and said actually I
just want some we're not desert II
anywhere East Coast would be cool and
that's where I kind of stand on this
this is where I kind of want to end the
debate because that's where I stand on
this
I want someplace that's not desert II
because that was the biggest turnoff for
Fallout New Vegas is that there was
nothing that treed your eyes it was just
this big dune desert and the occasional
City no the strip that was very
underwhelming you know I'm saying don't
get me wrong New Vegas is a great game
but in certain things especially its
location that was very underwhelming so
I have to agree with P slash here that I
just want a not desert II area I mean
there's a lending potential for so many
locations for Fallout 4 that's not even
funny it's just a matter of where
Bethesda decides to picket but that is
your fallout four debates on the
location I want you guys to go down
below sound off in the comments thumbs
up this comment if you agree with this
what do you guys think of this get
together discuss get at each other's
throats kill each other I'm just kidding
but seriously let's get into this so
let's really debate this one out do we
want to have four be set in Boston what
is the location that the fall community
truly wants let's hear it down below
other than that be sure to follow me on
Twitter like me on Facebook stay sexy
stay active I love you all peace